Subject: Action Needed: Complete Your Project Management Training
Dear {{name}},

We are writing to follow up on your outstanding project management training. We know your time is valuable, and we want to make sure this stays on your radar.
{% if missing_both %}
You still have two courses to complete:
  - Managing Projects for Business Success - Fundamentals - Certification Test
  - Certification Test for Managing Projects for Business Success (Advanced)

The Fundamentals course takes approximately 2 hours and provides the essential project management framework. We recommend completing it first, as the Advanced course builds directly on those concepts. Together, they form a complete certification path.
{% elif completed_fundamentals %}
You are almost there! You have completed Fundamentals, and only one course remains:
  - Certification Test for Managing Projects for Business Success (Advanced)

Since you already have the foundational knowledge from Fundamentals, the Advanced course will feel like a natural continuation. It typically takes about 2 hours and focuses on the deeper skills needed for complex project delivery.
{% elif missing_fundamentals %}
One course still requires your attention:
  - Managing Projects for Business Success - Fundamentals - Certification Test

This course typically takes about 2 hours and provides the core project management framework that underpins our delivery standards. It is designed to be practical and directly applicable to your current project work.
{% endif %}
Completing this training is an important step, not just for compliance, but for your own professional effectiveness. Here is what you gain:
  - Stronger delivery capabilities recognized across the organization
  - Tools and frameworks that make your day-to-day project work more efficient
  - Alignment with the standards that enable better collaboration across teams
  - A certified credential that demonstrates your commitment to excellence

Many of your peers have already completed these courses and are applying the insights in their daily work. We would like to help you join them.

We encourage you to set aside time in the coming days to complete this training. If you are facing any challenges that are preventing you from doing so, whether scheduling, access, or workload, please let us know. We are here to support you.

Your contribution to our projects matters, and this training will help you make an even greater impact.

Kind regards,
Project Management Office